h1. Trixie

Trixie is the code name for our personal security framework. It is rails based application that will allow for social network integrated, 
location and notification based personal security alerts

h2. More Information

Contact the author.

h2. Required Gems

This applications requires are defined as per the gemfile int he root directory
See "rails":http://rubygems.org/gems/rails

h2. Dependencies

this application is built using:

* The Ruby language (1.9.3)
* Rails (version 3.2.4)
* MySql

h2. Installing the Application

N/A

h2. Getting Started

The following are command to be run from the shell from the root of this application
To start the web server : 
  rails server
To run the acceptance tests suite should reset test db first $> rake db:test:prepare
  rake spec
  cucumber

As this is a standard rails application, standard rails console command will work.
The author is using bundler and RVM 

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

Issue will be managed in the GitHub repository - clone can come from https://github.com/RhysC/Trixie.git - see the associated GitHub issue board

h2. Contributing

This is a closed source private project. No unapproved downloads, forks, branches or clones are permitted.

h2. Credits

Thanks to Stuart King for his advice on getting this project off the ground & Daniel Kehoe (@rails_apps) for the RailsApps project

h2. License

This is copyrighted code. No usage or rights are inferred or allowed other than the that of the authors